If there's one skill that can transform your online worth and value
as a freelancer or entrepreneur? It's got to be copywriting.
Yes, copywriting. But what exactly is copywriting?
Is it more of an art or a science? And what are the tools,
techniques, and formulas that you will need to know about
in order to really start building momentum as a respected
in-demand copywriter. These are the questions that you often
hear being asked by those who are interested to pursue
copywriting as an exciting career change. And in this
no-nonsense, easy-to-follow masterclass, I'll show you
the exact strategies that I followed to be able to make
huge strides within six months of starting out as a
freelance copywriter. Such accomplishments include becoming
the number one health and wellness copywriter on Google,
being featured in a case study interview with top copywriter
Jacob McMillan. And to get awesome feedback like this
from none other than Craig Clemens, who's made over
$1 billion in sales thanks to the craft of copywriting.
But you may be thinking, what would I actually be learning
about in this course? Well, for a start, you'll get access
to over 60 lessons, each ranging from one to ten minutes
to make them simpler, follow, memorable, and hopefully
motivational for you to go out and take action yourself.
The lessons will cover copywriting essentials, such as
how to write attention-grabbing headlines. The six pillars
of persuasion, psychological triggers, how to find your clients,
as well as copywriting productivity hacks, SEO best practices,
power words, career development, and five hot story structures
that you can use if you're ever out of ideas. So with all
that in mind, let me ask, are you ready to give this a go?
If you are, fantastic. Let's move on from this introduction
and get started with the first lesson. See you soon.